# CMPT276_Project
Group Project for CMPT276
SkyWeaver Inventory is an online web application allowing managers, employees, and customers alike to sign up/log into accounts pertaining to an online storefront. Users with manager and employee level access can view and manage shipments, inventory, and customer orders. Users with customer level access can purchase products to be delivered to their home address, purchase memberships for exclusive deals, and much more. This application contains a main feature to provide customers and store owners with convenient use and access to the store and its services and many other subproblems.

The problem that we are trying to solve is to create an inventory management application for an early startup company (A made-up one) to use to keep track of their stock (A general store). In general, this type of problem is solved by other web application development companies which are commissioned by startup companies. However, our goal is to create a general template and layout that can be used for this made-up company.

The target audience of our web app is for store managers with an admin level of access to be able to manage and order more products directly from the app which is kept track of inside the database. From here, customers can access the website with a user level of access that allows them to view current stock available and have them delivered to their house.

The main feature of the application is to provide store owners and customers with convenient use and access of the online storefront. A few examples of subproblems that this application can solve are easy access to stock info for managers and customers, and viewing all employee availability/schedules while on an admin account.

A few other smaller features we plan to implement are allowing employees to schedule their working period and allowing for managers to view these schedules and handle employee payment. Managers can also track shipment progress, update or add information about their current or new products, and can send out newsletters/advertisements to the emails of the customers. Customers can view their purchase history and request for replacements or refunds. Customers can purchase membership for exclusive perks/discounts on select products.

As a regular user (a customer) of the web app, one can view the current stock of all products available, order any quantity of products (as long as there is enough in stock) to their home location (linked to their user profile), and pay online through the website. It’s also possible for users to send direct requests to the store managers to order more of a certain product if they desire more of that product than the current inventory holds.

A few possible API’s we will use are the FedEx or UPS APIs for shipment tracking and shipment management. Twilio or SendGrid APIs can be used for email notifications and newsletters. The Google Calendar API will be used to track any time-related information such as shipment dates or when employees clock in.
